docs: add hideTryItButton prop to EndpointRequestSnippet (#3453)
fern-api/docs: fern/products/docs/pages/component-library/default-components/endpoint-request-snippet.mdx

/>
```

### Hide the Try It button

The `EndpointRequestSnippet` component includes a Try It button by default. Use the `hideTryItButton` prop to hide it.

> 

Reviewer: would be great to have a rendered example right above the syntax, in the style of the other sections!

<ParamField path="languages" type="string[]" required={false}>
  Specifies which languages to show in the dropdown and in what order. Supported values include `curl`, `python`, `typescript`, `javascript`, `go`, `ruby`, `java`, `kotlin`, `csharp`, `php`, `swift`, `rust`, and `payload`. When not specified, all available languages are shown.
</ParamField>

<ParamField path="hideTryItButton" type="boolean" required={false}>

>   When set to `true`, hides the Try It button from the snippet. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<ParamField path="hideTryItButton" type="boolean" required={false} default={false}>
  When set to `true`, hides the Try It button from the snippet.
```
